Fix extends configuration with parts (#2690)
executablebooks/mystmd: docs/configuration.md

extends:
  - ../macros.yml # A local file
  - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/myorg/myrepo/refs/heads/main/funding.yaml # A remote file
...other-config:
```

- Each entry listed inside `extends` may be a relative path to a file, or a URL.
- URLs must be direct links to files which are downloaded and cached locally.
- The files must contain valid `myst.yml` structure with `version: 1` and `site` or `project` keys.

**List-type fields are combined, not replaced**. This means, for example, you may define a single export in one file:

```{code-block} yaml
:filename: small.yml
version: 1
project:
  exports:
    - format: meca
```

and another format in your main `myst.yml` file:

```{code-block} yaml
:filename: myst.yml
version: 1
extends: ./small.yml
project:
  exports:
    format: pdf
```

> The final build will include **both** a `meca` and a `pdf` export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final project configuration will include **both** a `meca` and a `pdf` export.
```
